h1. SVNWeaver - SVN for Dreamweaver

from "chrismckee.co.uk":http://chrismckee.co.uk/?utm_source=Github&utm_medium=SVNWeaver&utm_campaign=website-link

h2. Introduction

SVNWeaver is a Dreamweaver Extension that TortoiseSVN. 

h4. Localisations:

* English "https://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-1.4.0%20-%20ENGLISH.zip":https://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-1.4.0%20-%20ENGLISH.zip


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

h4. Pre-Tortoise 1.7 (legacy)

* English  "http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/svnweaver-rc1.zip":http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/svnweaver-rc1.zip
* German (Deutsch) "http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-DE.mxp":http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-DE.mxp
* French (Francais) "http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-FR.zip":http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWeaver-FR.zip
* Chinese "http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWEAVER-Chinese.zip":http://github.com/downloads/ChrisMcKee/svnweaver/SVNWEAVER-Chinese.zip

h3. Now Available, "GITWeaver, GIT in Dreamweaver; go try it out.":http://github.com/ChrisMcKee/gitweaver/


h2. Installation (LEGACY)

Download and install TortoiseSVN 32BIT from "http://bit.ly/tsvn32bit":http://bit.ly/tsvn32bit
Download the extension from the Download page
Extract the ZIP and Run the .mxp extension package file that you downloaded. The Adobe extension manager will handle the installation.
When you run Dreamweaver now, you will see a new menu in the menu bar, called SVN (this is the PAGE menu) and under right click in the site explorer on any site that is a working path :o)

h2. Updating This Extension ~ Checking for updates

In the site explorer right click a folder, SVN- (bottom of the dropdown) Check for Updates
This will check for a newer version of this extension and after that bring up the TSVN About page so you can check if thats up-to-date.

h2. Localisation

If anyone's interested in localising SVNWeaver. Drop me an email pcdevils[at]gmail.com Thanks

h2. Using SVNWeaver

It's exactly the same as using TortoiseSVN but from inside Dreamweaver, seriously.
Read this:  http://tortoisesvn.net/docs/release/TortoiseSVN_en/tsvn-dug.html

h2. Troubleshooting

*I'm Running on Windows x64 (64bit)*

INSTALL TORTOISESVN x86 (32BIT) ALONG SIDE YOUR EXISTING INSTALLATION OF TORTOISESVN x64.
... As per the Tortoise Sites instructions...
"Note for X64 users: you can install both the 32 and 64-bit version side by side.
This will enable the TortoiseSVN features in Explorer (x64) and other 64bit applications and also for 32-bit applications."
Dreamweaver CS/CS2/CS3/CS4/CS5 are 32bit applications.

h3. Licence

You may use this project under the terms of either the MIT License or the GNU General Public License (GPL) Version 2.
The MIT License is recommended for most projects. It is simple and easy to understand and it places almost no restrictions on what you can do with this project.
If the GPL suits your project better you are also free to use this project under that license.
You don't have to do anything special to choose one license or the other and you don't have to notify anyone which license you are using. 
You are free to use this project in commercial projects as long as the copyright header is left intact.

h4. Code Copyright Chris McKee 2009-2012